# MMELF: 
A sequence-driven-based method for protein-protein interaction site prediction.

## Pre-requisite:
    - Python3
    - SANN (http://xxxx.xxxx.xxxx/xxxxxxx)
    - PSI-BLAST (http://xxxx.xxxx.xxxx/xxxxxxx)
    - Linux system 
	
## Installation:

*Install and configure the softwares of Python3, SANN, PSI-BLAST. Please make sure that python3 includes the modules of 'os', 'math', 'numpy', 'random', 'subprocess', 'sys', 'torch' and 'shutil'. If any one modules does not exist, please using 'pip3 install XXXX' command install the python revelant module. Here, "XXXX" is one module name.

*Download this repository at https://github.com/jun-csbio/MMELF.git. Then, uncompress it and run the following command lines on Linux System.

## The requisite of input for:
	The protein file is employed as the input of MMELF, the protein file name must be the name of the protein.
	Such as sequence file (2dvwA) provided in MMELF.git, the file named edvwA must contain 5 files named protein, pssm, psa, Physical_properties and position.
	File named protein contains the protein sequence file.
	File named pssm contain 2dvwA.opssm. 2dvwA.opssm is generated by PSI-BLAST.
	File named psa contains 2dvwA.sa. 2dvwA.sa is generated by SANN.
	File named Physical_properties contains 2dvwA.pp. 2dvwA.pp is generated by xxxx1.py.
    File named position 2dvwA.pos. 2dvwA.pos is generated by xxxx2.py.
	NOTE THAT,if the protein file is incomplete or has the wrong name, the program will report a path error

## Run
~~~
  $ python3 MMELF.py xxxx/ProteinFile/ [The input argument to MMELF.py is the absolute path to the protein file]
~~~
NOTE THAT, [The input argument to MMELF.py is the absolute path to the protein file] should be the absolute path of the protein file, e.g., /home/junh/MMELF/ProteinCase/2evwA/.

## The prediction result
The prediction results of protein-protein interaction sites are output in each protein file, the PredictionResult file represents the prediction results of protein-protein interaction sites, and the Label file represents the label information of proteins.

## References

Jun Hu, Ming dong, Biao Zhang, Xiao-Gen zhou, Dong-jun Yu and Gui-Jun Zhang. A sequence-driven-based method for protein-protein interaction site prediction.
